Write your answers to this question in
the comments below.
The younger son, who wanted to explore
the world, took his share of the state
and went to a distant country.
There he spent all of his money on
reckless living, enjoying the pleasures
of life without thinking about the future.
Why did the younger son leave his house?
So he got up and went to his father.
While he was still a long way off, his
father saw him and was filled with compassion.
He ran to his son, embraced him and
kissed him.
How did the father react when he saw his
younger son returning?
Third, the older brother became angry and
refused to go in.
So his father went out and pleaded with him.
Why did the older brother refuse to join
the celebration?
I want to see your questions in the comments.